Thank you so much. It’s so great to be here in Iowa. We’re here just
thawing out. Todd and I and a couple of our friends here from Alaska,
lending our support for the next president of our great United States of
America, Donald J. Trump.

Mr. Trump, you’re right, look back there in the press box. Heads are
spinning, media heads are spinning. This is going to be so much fun.

Are you ready to make America great again? We all have a part in this.
We all have a responsibility. Looking around at all of you, you
hardworking Iowa families. You farm families, and teachers, and
teamsters, and cops, and cooks. You rockin’ rollers. And holy rollers!
All of you who work so hard. You full-time moms. You with the hands that
rock the cradle. You all make the world go round, and now our cause is
one.

When asked why I would jump into a primary — kind of stirring it up a
little bit maybe — and choose one over some friends who are running and
I’ve endorsed a couple others in their races before they decided to run
for president, I was told left and right, “You are going to get so
clobbered in the press. You are just going to get beat up, and chewed
up, and spit out.” You know, I’m thinking, And? You know, like you guys
haven’t tried to do that every day since that night in ‘08, when I was
on stage nominated for VP, and I got to say, “yeah, I’ll go, send me,
you betcha. I’ll serve.” And, like you all, I’m still standing. So those
of us who’ve kind of gone through the wringer as Mr. Trump has, makes me
respect you even more. That you’re here, and you’re putting your
efforts, you’re putting reputations, you’re putting relationships on the
line to do the right thing for this country. Because you are ready to
make America great again.

Well, I am here because like you I know that it is now or never. I’m in
it to win it because we believe in America, and we love our freedom. And
if you love your freedom, thank a vet. Thank a vet, and know that the
United States military deserves a commander-in-chief that our country
passionately, and will never apologize for this country. A new
commander-in-chief who will never leave our men behind. A new
commander-in-chief, one who will never lie to the families of the
fallen. I’m in it, because just last week, we’re watching our sailors
suffer and be humiliated on a world stage at the hands of Iranian
captors in violation of international law, because a weak-kneed,
capitulator-in-chief has decided America will lead from behind. And he,
who would negotiate deals, kind of with the skills of a community
organizer maybe organizing a neighborhood tea, well, he deciding that,
“No, America would apologize as part of the deal,” as the enemy sends a
message to the rest of the world that they capture and we kowtow, and we
apologize, and then, we bend over and say, “Thank you, enemy.” We are
ready for a change. We are ready and our troops deserve the best. A new
commander-in-chief whose track record of success has proven he is the
master at the art of the deal. He is one who would know to negotiate.

Only one candidate’s record of success proves he is the master of the
art of the deal. He is beholden to no one but we the people, how
refreshing. He is perfectly positioned to let you make America great
again. Are you ready for that, Iowa?

No more pussy footin’ around! Our troops deserve the best, you deserve
the best!

He is from the private sector, not a politician, can I get a
“Hallelujah!” Where, in the private sector, you actually have to balance
budgets in order to prioritize, to keep the main thing, the main thing,
and he knows the main thing: a president is to keep us safe economically
and militarily. He knows the main thing, and he knows how to lead the
charge. So troops, hang in there, because help’s on the way because he,
better than anyone, isn’t he known for being able to command, fire! Are
you ready for a commander-in-chief, you ready for a commander-in-chief
who will let our warriors do their job and go kick ISIS ass? Ready for
someone who will secure our borders, to secure our jobs, and to secure
our homes? Ready to make America great again, are you ready to stump for
Trump? I’m here to support the next president of the United States,
Donald Trump.

Now, eight years ago, I warned that Obama’s promised fundamental
transformation of America. That is was going to take more from you, and
leave America weaker on the world stage. And that we would soon be
unrecognizable. Well, it’s the one promise that Obama kept. But he
didn’t do it alone, and this is important to remember, especially those
of you, like me, a member of the GOP, this is what we have to remember,
in this very contested, competitive, great primary race.

Trump’s candidacy, it has exposed not just that tragic ramifications of
that betrayal of the transformation of our country, but too, he has
exposed the complicity on both sides of the aisle that has enabled it,
okay? Well, Trump, what he’s been able to do, which is really ticking
people off, which I’m glad about, he’s going rogue left and right, man,
that’s why he’s doing so well. He’s been able to tear the veil off this
idea of the system. The way that the system really works, and please
hear me on this, I want you guys to understand more and more how the
system, the establishment, works, and has gotten us into the troubles
that we are in in America. The permanent political class has been doing
the bidding of their campaign donor class, and that’s why you see that
the borders are kept open. For them, for their cheap labor that they
want to come in. That’s why they’ve been bloating budgets. It’s for
crony capitalists to be able suck off of them. It’s why we see these
lousy trade deals that gut our industry for special interests elsewhere.
We need someone new, who has the power, and is in the position to bust
up that establishment to make things great again. It’s part of the
problem.

His candidacy, which is a movement, it’s a force, it’s a strategy. It
proves, as long as the politicos, they get to keep their titles, and
their perks, and their media ratings, they don’t really care who wins
elections. Believe me on this. And the proof of this? Look what’s
happening today. Our own GOP machine, the establishment, they who would
assemble the political landscape, they’re attacking their own
frontrunner. Now would the Left ever, would the DNC ever come after
their frontrunner and her supporters? No because they don’t eat their
own, they don’t self-destruct. But for the GOP establishment to be
coming after Donald Trump’s supporters even, with accusations that are
so false. They are so busted, the way that this thing works.

We, you, a diverse, dynamic, needed support base that they would
attack. And now, some of them even whispering, they’re ready to throw in
for Hillary over Trump because they can’t afford to see the status quo
go, otherwise, they won’t be able to be slurping off the gravy train
that’s been feeding them all these years. They don’t want that to end.

Well, and then, funny, ha ha, not funny, but now, what they’re doing is
wailing, “well, Trump and his, uh, uh, uh, Trumpeters, they’re not
conservative enough.” Oh my goodness gracious. What the heck would the
establishment know about conservatism? Tell me, is this conservative?
GOP majorities handing over a blank check to fund Obamacare and Planned
Parenthood and illegal immigration that competes for your jobs, and
turning safety nets into hammocks, and all these new Democrat voters
that are going to be coming on over border as we keep the borders open,
and bequeathing our children millions in new debt, and refusing to fight
back for our solvency, and our sovereignty, even though that’s why we
elected them and sent them as a majority to DC. No! If they’re not
willing to do that, then how are they to tell us that we’re not
conservative enough in order to be able to make these changes in America
that we know need to be…Now they’re concerned about this ideological
purity? Give me a break! Who are they to say that? Oh tell somebody
like, Phyllis Schlafly, she is the Republican, conservative movement
icon and hero and a Trump supporter. Tell her she’s not conservative.
How ‘bout the rest of us? Right wingin’, bitter clingin’, proud clingers
of our guns, our god, and our religions, and our Constitution. Tell us
that we’re not red enough? Yeah, coming from the establishment. Right.

Well, he being the only one who’s been willing, he’s got the guts to
wear the issues that need to be spoken about and debate on his sleeve,
where the rest of some of these establishment candidates, they just
wanted to duck and hide. They didn’t want to talk about these issue
until he brought ‘em up. In fact, they’ve been wearing a, this,
political correctness kind of like a suicide vest. And enough is enough.
These issues that Donald Trump talks about had to be debated. And he
brought them to the forefront. And that’s why we are where we are today
with good discussion. A good, heated, and very competitive primary is
where we are. And now though, to be lectured that, “Well, you guys are
all sounding kind of angry,” is what we’re hearing from the
establishment. Doggone right we’re angry! Justifiably so! Yes! You know,
they stomp on our neck, and then they tell us, “Just chill, okay just
relax.” Well, look, we are mad, and we’ve been had. They need to get
used to it.

This election is more than just your basic ABCs, anybody but Clinton.
It’s more than that this go-around. When we’re talking about a nation
without borders. When we’re talking about bankruptcies in our federal
government. Debt that our children and our grandchildren, they’ll never
be able to pay off. When we’re talking about no more Reaganesque power
that comes from strength. Power through strength. Well, then, we’re
talking about our very existence, so no, we’re not going to chill. In
fact it’s time to drill, baby, drill down, and hold these folks
accountable. And we need to stop the self-sabotage and elect new, and
independent, a candidate who represents that and represents America
first, finally. Pro-Constitution, common-sense solutions, that he brings
to the table. Yes the status quo has got to go. Otherwise we’re just
going to get more of the same, and with their failed agenda, it can’t be
salvaged. It must be savaged. And Donald Trump is the right one to do
that.

Are you ready for new? And are you ready for the leader who will let
you make America great again? It’s gonna take a whole team. It’s gonna
take a whole team. Fighters, all of us, in the private sector. Fighters
in the House and the Senate. So, our friends, who are fighters in the
House and the Senate today, they need to stay there and help out. They
can help our new leader in the positions that they are in.

Let me say something really positive about one of those individuals:
Rand Paul. I’m going to tell you about that libertarian streak in him
that is healthy, because he knows, you only go to war if you’re
determined to win the war! And you quit footin’ the bill for these
nations who are oil-rich, we’re paying for some of their squirmishes
that have been going on for centuries. Where they’re fightin’ each other
and yellin’ “Allah Akbar” calling Jihad on each other’s heads for ever
and ever. Like I’ve said before, let them duke it out and let Allah sort
it out. We’ll fight for American interests, and as Donald Trump has
said, other nations where we have been footin’ the bill, but we haven’t
prioritized our own domestic budgets well enough to be able to afford
what we’re doing overseas. Things are gonna change under President
Trump.

So it can be an unbeatable team with fighters there in the House and
the Senate. Yeah, our leader is a little bit different. He’s a
multi-billionaire. Not that there’s anything wrong with that. But, it’s
amazing, he is not elitist at all. Oh, I just hope you guys get to know
him more and more as a person, and a family man. What he’s been able to
accomplish, with his um, it’s kind of this quiet generosity. Yeah, maybe
his largess kind of, I don’t know, some would say gets in the way of
that quiet generosity, and, uh, his compassion, but if you know him as a
person and you’ll get to know him more and more, you’ll have even more
respect. Not just for his record of success, and the good intentions for
America, but who he is as a person. He’s not an elitist. And yes, as a
multi-billionaire, we still root him on, because he roots us on. And he
has, he’s spent his life with the workin’ man. And he tells us Joe six
packs, he said, “You know, I’ve worked very, very hard. And I’ve
succeeded. Hugely I’ve succeeded,” he says. And he says, “I want you to
succeed too.” And that is refreshing, because he, as he builds things,
he builds big things, things that touch the sky, big infrastructure that
puts other people to work. He has spent his life looking up and
respecting the hard-hats and the steel-toed boots and the work ethic
that you all have within you. He, being an optimist, passionate about
equal-opportunity to work. The self-made success of his, you know that
he doesn’t get his power, his high, off of OPM, other people’s money,
like a lot of dopes in Washington do. They’re addicted to OPM, where
they take other people’s money, and then their high is getting to
redistribute it, right? And then they get to be really popular people
when they get to give out your hard money. Well, he doesn’t do that. His
power, his passion, is the fabric of America. And it’s woven by work
ethic and dreams and drive and faith in the Almighty, what a
combination.

Are you ready to share in that again, Iowa? Because that’s what’s going
to let you make America great again. He’s going to be able to empower
you to look out for one-another again instead of relying on bankrupt
government to supposedly be looking out for you. No, and I think you’re
ready for that. And Iowa, I believe too that you’re ready to see that
our vets are treated better than illegal immigrants are treated in this
country. And you’re ready for the tax reform he talks about to open up
main street again. And you’re ready to stop the race-baiting and the
division based on color and zip code, to unify around the right issues.
The issues important to me, or I wouldn’t be endorsing him. Pro-life,
pro-Second Amendment, strict constitutionality. Those things that are
unifying values and their time-tested truths involved. These are
unifying values from big cities to tiny towns, from big mountain states
and the Big Apple, to the big, beautiful heartland that’s in between.

Now, finally friends, I want you to try to picture this, it’s a nice
thing to picture. Exactly one year from tomorrow, former President
Barack Obama. He packs up the teleprompters and the selfie-sticks, and
the Greek columns, and all that hopey, changey stuff and he heads on
back to Chicago, where I’m sure he can find some community there to
organize again. There, he can finally look up, President Obama will be
able to look up, and there, over his head, he’ll be able to see that
shining, towering, Trump tower. Yes, Barack, he built that, and that
says a lot. Iowa, you say a lot, being here tonight, supporting the
right man who will allow you to make America great again. God bless you!
God bless the United States of America and our next president of the
United States, Donald J. Trump!